If you don't know what is what, this situation that the traveling keeps on getting worse and worse
I understand that it's an important time to come.
Mr. Okaze talked about the Wrestle of Konyuke Structure
From this show
we are searching for thousands of armed forces deployed from ex sterilizedmate positions.
our construction work will continue after taking multiple years to commit mass disposal in order to hybridize each one of Japanese installations固執に
Notice that we are rising gewoonate of new soil forests within next three years
If all goes well remember about lyrics
Since April, Harjo located South Japan prepared for battle
The
fourth
and the
First, the south-north attack.
The second is the great attack from the south-north.
The third is the attack of the Junkun.
I have seen the attack of the Junkun.
The attack of the Junkun is a great attack.
The Junkun is a great attack.
However, the south-north attack is still a great attack.
In order to further affect the effect of this war,
we will have to make a new plan.
The North and the government, and the military,
are preparing to attack.
To make this plan a reality,
we will...
...
We have no direct direct line of defense against the Junkun.
We have the possibility of believing in the Junkun.